hi I'm Jacqueline coats and welcome to
my painting studio in Kapunda South
Australia at my gallery Salon Rouge just
show a little bit about my painting I
love to painting this incredibly thick
impasto style impasto actually means
paste in italian and it's about taking
the paint directly from the tube onto
the palette and using a sponge brush
palette knife whatever and putting it on
in a very immediate sense whilst
responding to in this case an incredible
arrangement of branches and blossoms in
spring what I love about working this
way is it's like drawing and painting
become combined you're picking up
gestures and I'm able to respond so
directly to what's in front of me it
does use a hell of a lot of pains you
can see that it's about an inch deep in
some areas and some of us it's quite
thin the canvases do have a little bit
of weight to them I just need to put
steel wall or some good hangers when
you're hanging these paintings and I
tend to paint lots of things that are in
season and respond in the moment I'll
just drop everything to do a painting
when I have the opportunity to paint
something beautiful cuz pomegranates
beautiful fruit hanging over a confident
wall something I found at the markets
gorgeous peonies beautiful roses from
the Rose grower very spot for choice in
cap under acid love it because we've
just right on the rim of the Barossa
Valley so I love that now I'm also
really well known for painting in this
particular way which I call the blooms
painting method and
people but I still do work in this way
it gives me something very different I
get to build a page in quite a calm way
and I work from photographs that I take
and I do them over a period of time so
to build up the richness and the
layering so it's lovely if you love
detail it's a great way for the client
to be involved with choosing what they
want because I also involve them in the
process of choosing the photo as if it's
a commission and look I still love
working this way because it gives me
something so very different this is much
more physical
I'm literally grunting and puffing when
I'm painting and so that it's lovely to
have the two of them so that's it about
my paintings